What Is a T-47 and Why Do I Need One?
If you plan to use an existing survey
when selling your home, you will
be required to complete a document
called a T-47, also known as the
Residential Real Property Affidavit.
The T-47 is used when the buyer and
title company rely on an existing
survey instead of ordering a new one.
This form allows you, as the
seller, to confirm that the
survey on file is still accurate.
The T-47 works together with the survey
to help the title company determine what
title insurance coverage they can provide.
If a T-47 is not completed, the title
company may require a new survey, which
can add cost and delay to the transaction.
One of the most important sections of
the T-47 asks for the date of the survey.
This should be the date of the most
recent survey of the property, whether it
was ordered by you or a previous owner.
Using a different date often results in
the title company requesting a new survey.
The form also asks you to confirm
whether any major changes have occurred
to the property since that survey date.
This includes things like new
structures, additions, changes to
boundary fences, or new easements.
If there have been no changes,
you can simply write “None.”
The T-47 is an affidavit, which means
it must be signed in front of a notary.
Do not sign it ahead of time.
You will need to sign the form
while the notary is present.
In short, the T-47 helps avoid the
cost and delay of a new survey,
but only if it is completed
accurately and properly notarized.